LEGAL NOTICE

This publication (the “Publication”) has been prepared and distributed by TBC Capital LLC (“TBC Capital”) member of TBC Bank Group PLC (“Group”) for informational purposes only and
independently of the respective companies mentioned herein . TBC Capital is operating and performing its professional services on the territory of Georgia and is duly authorized to
prepare and distribute this Publication on the territory of Georgia . Nothing in this Publication shall constitute an offer or invitation to treat to solicit buying or selling or subscribing any
assets and/or securities and nothing herein shall form the basis of any contract or commitment whatsoever or shall be considered as a recommendation                      to take any such actions .
Since distribution of this Publication may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions, persons into whose possession this Publication comes are required by TBC Capital to inform them -
selves about and to observe any and all restrictions applicable to them . As this Publication is not directed to or intended for distribution, directly or indirectly, to or use by any person
or entity in any jurisdiction where such distri - bution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to the applicable law or which would require any registration or licensing within such
jurisdiction, neither TBC Capital nor any member of the Group nor any of their respective director(s), partner(s), employee(s), af ﬁliates, adviser(s) or agent(s) (“Representatives”) accept
any direct or indirect liability to any person in relation to the publication, distribution or possession of this Publication in or from any jurisdiction . This Publication is not intended to
provide any investment, business, tax and/or legal advice, and credit or any other evaluation . Recipients of this Publication are strongly required to make their own independent investi -
gation and detailed appraisal of the matters discussed herein . Any investment decision should be made at the inves - tor's sole discretion and consideration . Any and all information
contained in this Publication is subject to change without notice, and neither TBC Capital nor any member of the Group nor any of their Representatives are under any obligation to update
or keep information contained in this Publication . Distribution of this Publication, at any time, does not imply that information herein is correct, accurate and/or complete as of any time
after its preparation date or that there has been no change in business, ﬁnancial condition, prospects, credit worthiness, status or affairs of the respective companies or anyone else since
that date . Accordingly, this Publication should not be considered as a complete description of the markets, industries and/or companies referred to herein and no reliance should be
placed on it. TBC Capital does not undertake to update this Publication or to correct any inaccuracies therein which may become apparent . The Publication may include forward -looking
statements, but not limited to, statements as to future operating results . Any “forward -looking statements”, which include all statements other than statements of historical facts, involve
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors beyond TBC Capital’s control that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance          or achievements      expressed     or implied by such forward -looking        statements . Such forward -looking statements are based on
numerous assumptions regarding present and future business strategies and the environment operating in the future . By their nature, forward -looking statements involve risks and
uncertain - ties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances          that may or may not occur in the future . No assur - ances can be given that the forward -looking statements in
this document will be realized . TBC Capital does not intend to update such forward -looking statements . Opinions, forecasts, estimates and/or statements relating to expectations
regarding future events or the possible future performance of investments represent TBC Capital’s own assessment and interpretation of information available to it currently from
third party sources . Information obtained from the third party sources believed to be reliable, but that there is no guarantee of the accuracy and/or completeness of such information .
TBC Capital does and seeks to do and any member of the Group may or seek to do business with companies covered in this Publication . Thus, investors should be aware that TBC Capital
may have a potential conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of the information contained in this Publication . This Publication may not be reproduced, redistributed or
published, in whole or in part, in any form for any purpose, without the written permission of TBC Capital, and neither TBC Capital nor any member of the Group nor any of their
Representatives     accept any liability whatsoever for the actions of third parties in this respect . TBC Capital makes no expressed or implied representation or warranty of usefulness in
predicting the future performance or in estimating the current or future value of any security or asset, and expressly disclaims all warranties of merchantabil - ity or ﬁtness for a particular
purpose or use with respect to any data included in this Publication . Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the extent permitted by law, TBC Capital or any member of the Group or
any of their Repre - sentatives expressly disclaim all liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss or damages however arising, directly or indirectly, from any use of this
Publication or its contents (including without limitation to the accu - racy and/or completeness of information therein) or otherwise arising in connection with this Publication or for any act
or failure to act by any party on the basis of this Publication .

                                                                                               7 Marjanishvili Str., Tbilisi 0102, Georgia   E mail: Research@tbccapital.ge            www.tbccapital.ge
                                                                                               Tel: +995 32 2 272727 | +995 32 2 272733      Email: Macro@tbcbank.com.ge      www.investing.tbccapital.ge




                                                                                                                                                                                             TOURISM PULSE | JULY 2026   7
