AI-Powered Hospitality Omnichannel Platform | Asksuite
Skip to content
The all-in-one AI and communication platform that connects hotels and travelers
Unify your traveler communication and boost revenue with AI and humans working together.
Automate & Reduce Manual Tasks:
Free up your team with autonomous agents that support your travelers 24/7.
Increase Direct Bookings & Revenue:
Empower your hotel with generative AI and a copilot that convert traveler interactions into revenue.
Centralized Management:
Manage all your properties, communication channels, human and AI agents, from a single and unified platform.
Book a Free Demo
AI Reservation Assistant
Provides 24/7 service with context understanding and smart learning, delivering a personalized experience.
AI Agent Copilot
Empowers your reservation team with intelligent tools that streamline tasks with just a click.
AI Data Hub
Centralizes your hotel's knowledge to optimize AI performance and continuous learning.
Book a Demo
Join 5
,500+ leading hotels
in more than
80 countries
shaping the next era of hospitality
High-tech AI
transforming hospitality
The top global AI Reservation Assistant & named the #1 Hotel Chatbot in 2026 for the 7th consecutive year by HotelTechAwards, backed by nearly 1,000 verified reviews and a 98% recommendation rate. Also ranked #6 in the Hotelier’s Choice Top Companies (out of 800+ hotel techs across all categoriesy)
and voted the 2nd Best Place to Work.
AI Reservation Assistant
24/7 service in multiple languages, delivering accurate, contextual answers for complex multi-topic questions via text or audio, plus automatic quotes in a personalized, human-like tone.
Increase direct bookings
Enhance traveler experience
Human + AI Collaboration
Read more →
Omnichannel CRM
Unified communication hub that connects WhatsApp, Instagram, Facebook, email, chat, and all other channels in one centralized platform for seamless traveler management.
All in one platform
Centralized management
Communication history
Read more →
AskFlow Agents
Intelligent automation for every stage of the traveler journey. Let a team of AI Agents work 24/7 for you, automating communications, performing tasks, and boosting your revenue.
More revenue, less effort
More time saved
More control and scalability
Read more →
WhatsApp API
Official, secure WhatsApp integration that connects to the omnichannel service – fully compliant with data privacy laws and less risk of number bans.
Real-time quotes
24/7 automated replies
Multilingual support
Read more →
Data Intelligence
Advanced analytics and insights that help optimize performance, track revenue metrics, and provide actionable intelligence for hotel operations.
Real-time analytics
Revenue tracking
Performance insights
Read more →
Integrations
Seamless connections with PMS, booking engines, and other hotel technology systems. Pre-built integrations for major hospitality platforms.
PMS integration
Booking engines
Third-party APIs
Read more →
Build a team of
customized intelligent agents
with AskFlow Agents
By integrating Asksuite Omnichannel with your PMS, booking engine, or CRM, AskFlow Agents automates all communications from first contact to post-stay.
Concierge
Marketing
Bookings & revenue
Check-in & Check-out Agent
Booking Confirmation Agent
Promotional Voucher Agent
Service Feedback Agent
CRM Data Submission Agent
Chat Recovery Agent
Booking Engine Abandonment Agent
Unavailability Follow-up Agent
Group Quote Agent
Intelligent automation for every stage of the traveler journey. Let a team of AI Agents work 24/7 for you, automating communications, performing tasks, recovering sales, and boosting revenue.
Learn more about AskFlow Agents
Book a Demo
Ready to streamline communication between hotels and travelers?
Get started in no time with easy connections to your existing systems. Start converting more - faster. Join now!
Get a Free Demo
What our clients say about
Asksuite
Verified reviews from hoteliers on
Hotel Tech Report
, the most recognized website in the hotel industry.
Excellent forward thinking platform to power our business
United Kingdom | Marketing Manager | 100-199 room Conference Hotels
“We love the useful tools featuring within AskSuite which enable us to drive forward the automation of responses on our website. AskSuite adopt all the latest technologies into their platform which really helps us to ensure we are at the forefront of technology.”
Reliable Support Tool That Lightens Staff Workload
Cyprus | Sales & Marketing Manager | 200-499 room Resorts
“Asksuite has been a great solution for us and exactly what we needed. Having someone available to answer inquiries during non-working hours has been a game-changer, ensuring that we never miss opportunities. It has also significantly reduced the workload on our staff, allowing them to focus more on in-person guests and other important tasks.”
Their automated chatbot is exactly what we were looking for
United Kingdom | Marketing Manager | 50-74 room Branded Hotels
“We needed an automated system to help remove pressure off our under resourced FOH team their system did exactly what we wanted it to do... plus more! So far nothing as it meets all our needs, and we have just heard about their development plans too which are exciting.”
Latest Insights from
Our Blog
Stay updated with the latest trends, tips, and insights in hospitality technology and AI automation.
Innovation & Technology
Hospitality technology trends: from chatbots to agentic AI
Discover hospitality technology trends for the coming decades and how to prepare your hotel for the challenges ahead.
Leia mais
Innovation & Technology
Meta Business Agent: why this is not the best option for hotels
Understand Meta Business Agent’s per-token costs, its limitations for hospitality, and how to save 40% with specialized AI.
Leia mais
Hotel Marketing
“Click-to-WhatsApp” Ads in Hospitality: How to Generate Direct Bookings
Learn how to use Click-to-WhatsApp ads in hospitality to generate direct bookings and take advantage of Meta’s 72-hour free messaging window.
Leia mais
What is Asksuite?
Asksuite is a global leader in AI reservation assistants and omnichannel communication for hotels, resorts, and hotel chains. Voted with 900+ reviews and 98% customer recommended, the highest among all hotel tech companies!
How many hotels use Asksuite?
More than 5,500 hotels in 80+ countries use Asksuite, with over 147 million travelers served.
What makes Asksuite different from competitors?
Unlike generic chatbots, Asksuite is built exclusively for hospitality. We combine an omnichannel platform featuring a 23x average ROI, AI reservation assistants, autonomous agents with 2M+ tasks automated, and 400+ booking engine integrations to turn chats into confirmed bookings. Hotels get real-time performance dashboards, transparent ROI tracking, and proven results.
How does Asksuite help increase direct bookings?
The Asksuite AI Reservation Assistant answers travelers instantly 24/7 on WhatsApp, website, Instagram, and other channels. It understands multiple questions in a single message, responds naturally in 50+ languages, qualifies leads, and sends real-time quotes — turning conversations into confirmed bookings without human intervention.
What is Sophia?
Sophia is Asksuite's new AI, designed exclusively for hotels. She manages traveler reservations end-to-end, acts as a copilot for human agents with real-time support, and centralizes hotel data into one intelligent hub. With natural communication in 50+ languages, contextual understanding, and seamless system integrations, Sophia helps hotels sell more with less effort. She is the new digital brain of your hotel.
What is AskFlow Agents?
AskFlow Agents are specialized digital agents that automate critical tasks across the traveler journey, such as cart recovery, booking abandonment follow-ups, personalized promotions, guest surveys, and check-in/out messages. Each agent has a specific role, working 24/7 to reduce manual work, recover lost revenue opportunities, and deliver personalized experiences at scale. They are your hotel's always-on digital team, driving efficiency and growth.
How much does Asksuite cost?
Pricing depends on your hotel's needs. We offer solutions for properties of all sizes and levels of digital maturity, from independent hotels to large chains. Please contact our specialists to receive a personalized plan tailored to your goals.
What results can hotels expect with Asksuite?
On average, hotels using Asksuite achieve 23x ROI, and process tens of thousands of bookings through AI support. More than 147 million travelers have already been served, with 2.1 billion messages exchanged across channels. Hotels report higher conversion rates, reduced manual work for reservation teams, and greater guest satisfaction thanks to faster, multilingual, 24/7 service.
Why is Asksuite the world's best AI chatbot for hospitality?
Asksuite is the world's best AI Reservation Assistant for the hospitality industry, having been voted the #1 Hotel Chatbot in 2026 for the 7th consecutive year by the Hotel Tech Awards (HTR). This achievement is backed by nearly 1,000 verified hotelier reviews and a 98% recommendation rate. Additionally, Asksuite is ranked among the Top 10 Hotelier's Choice and stands as one of the Top 5 Best Places to Work in the global hotel tech industry, according to HTR.
Join 5,500+ hotels that are revolutionizing traveler communication with AI!
Talk to a specialist
new RDStationForms('pt-form-askflow-7fe18e00fe4d947ffe20', 'UA-109268913-1').createForm();
Close