Canary Guest Messaging Software for Hotel Communication
NEW
Agentic Sales Coordinator for Hotel Group and Event Sales
English
Contact Sales
Customer Support
About
Careers
Company
Referral Program
Login
Products
Solutions
Pricing
Customer Stories
Resources
Request a Demo
Guest Management System
Digital Arrivals
Mobile Check-In
Tablet Registration
Self-Service Kiosk
Mobile Keys
Guest Engagement
Dynamic Upsells
Guest Messaging
Digital Compendium
F&B Mobile Ordering
Departures
Digital Tipping
Smart Checkout
Canary AI
AI Agent Studio
AI Voice
AI Guest Messaging
AI Webchat
Sales & Catering
Agentic Sales Coordinator
Digital Contracts
Deposits & Payments
Secure Transactions
Digital Authorizations
Payment Links
BY USE CASE
Make more money
Streamline operations
Elevate the guest experience
Reduce fraud and chargebacks
Boost staff retention
Work sustainably
BY ROLE
General Manager
Technology
Revenue
Operations
Sales
BY PROPERTY TYPE
Hotel Groups
Independent Hotels
Vacation Rentals
Franchise Hotels
Hospitality Research
Navigating AI: Hospitality Shifts From Exploration to Execution
Explore groundbreaking insights and never-before-seen data.
Download now >
RESOURCE HUB
Your go-to place for the latest guides, reports, and videos
INTEGRATIONS
Learn how Canary easily integrates with your technology stack.
PRESS
Get the latest news from and about Canary.
CUSTOMER STORIES
Learn more about the team behind the magic
BLOG
Stay on top of the latest hotel technology trends and best practices.
Hospitality Research
Navigating AI: Hospitality Shifts From Exploration to Execution
Explore groundbreaking insights and never-before-seen data.
Download now >
Hotel Guest Messaging Software
Communicate at scale with guest messaging software
Canary’s Guest Messaging lets you easily communicate with guests in their preferred method: text messaging. Save your team valuable time by leveraging an automated messaging system powered by Canary AI.
Book a Demo
Customer Stories
Trusted by over 20,000 Hotels in 125+ Countries
Communicate. Automate. Delight. Simplify.
Save your team time by automatically communicating with your guests throughout their stays. Delight travelers with quick, direct, mobile responses.
Learn How
Automatically Engage Guests
Use Canary’s Guest Messaging to communicate with guests throughout their stay. Create on-brand messages and easily customize when they send.
Create Better Guest Experiences
Communicate in the way travelers prefer: texting. Provide modern guest communication by offering real-time messaging on channels your guests already use.
Simplify with One Unified Inbox
Never miss a message again. With Canary’s unified inbox, all guest communications — from SMS, WhatsApp, OTAs, WeChat, LINE, email and more — are consolidated in one place.
Save Staff Time
Reduce the amount of communication your team manages. AI Guest Messaging provides smart replies to guests, freeing your team for tasks needing a personal touch.
Smoother Guest Communication Starts With Canary
Canary Messaging streamlines guest communication and saves your staff time through automated, broadcast and AI messages.
Book a Demo
Power real-time guest communication & experiences with Canary
Our turnkey guest messaging solution integrates seamlessly with your PMS.
1
Stay connected to your guests
Send personalized direct or broadcast messages to your guests at any point in their journey — pre-arrival, check-in, in-stay, checkout and post-stay
2
Respond with AI
Canary’s AI Guest Messaging can respond to most complicated and multi-part inquiries so your team can focus on providing top-notch service.
3
No app downloads required
Your guests don’t want another app. Increase adoption by 3-5x by keeping it app-less with Canary Messaging.
What Our Customers Have To Say
Before Canary, someone would have to spend at least an hour a day manually sending out pre-arrival messages to guests. Automating that has reduced our administrative work by at least 40%.
Operations Manager
Crowne Plaza Perth
We love having Canary Guest Messaging! It's great that we're able to communicate with guests whenever it's necessary. Our guests seem to enjoy using it too when they have inquiries, as some guests prefer to text over a phone call or email.
Digital Marketing Manager
The LINE SF
Since we've started using Canary, guests have messaged us over 30,000 times. If that same volume had come to us over the phone, there's no way we could have gotten to all of those guests.
Corporate Director of Online Marketing
Linchris Hotels
The Hotelier’s Guide to
More 5-Star Reviews
Get the intel you need to fuel a five-star guest journey. Download the guide and start getting great feedback in no time.
Download Now
A guest messaging solution made with your hotel in mind
Canary’s Guest Messaging was created by a dedicated team of hospitality industry veterans who understand your property’s needs and workflow.
Stay organized with a conversation history
Message your guests from one simple dashboard so you can keep track of many conversations at once.
Message guests from your existing phone number
Even if your current number is a landline, Canary can enable you to receive and send text messages from it.
Ready to see Canary in action?
See why 25,000+ hoteliers voted Canary as the #1-rated Guest Engagement Platform.
Book a Demo
Handy hospitality industry resources for hoteliers
Keep updated on all things hospitality with Canary’s industry experts
The LINE SF: AI Guest Messaging Case Study
How the LINE SF reduced median response time from 10 minutes to under one minute using AI Guest Messaging and boosted early check-in revenue by 65%.
Learn more
How AI Chatbots Are Transforming Guest Engagement
Explore how AI chatbots handle multilingual inquiries promote upsells and personalise guest stays — all while freeing hotel staff to focus on in-person hospitality.
Learn more
Navigating Hospitality AI
Industry research report revealing how 73% of hoteliers expect AI to have a significant impact — with guest messaging among the top AI use cases in hospitality.
Learn more
Explore all our solutions
Canary’s all-in-one platform powers hotel operations, so you can focus on delivering exceptional guest experiences.
Guest Management
Turn every guest interaction into an opportunity to impress.
Learn more
Canary AI
Improve efficiency with streamlined guest communication, smart automation and more.
Learn more
Secure Transactions
Prevent fraud and chargebacks and streamline payment processes.
Learn more
FAQs
A few helpful answers to common questions
What is guest messaging software?
Why is a hotel text messaging system like Canary Guest Messaging important for hoteliers?
How does hotel guest messaging software work?
What are the key benefits of hotel guest messaging software?
What should hotels look for when choosing an automated messaging system software?
How does Canary’s Guest Messaging elevate guest satisfaction?
Can Canary Guest Messaging integrate with your existing PMS?
How does Canary Guest Messaging increase hotel staff operational efficiency?
AI On Canary Guest Messaging
See what your favorite LLM has to say
Ask ChatGPT
>
Ask Claude
>
Ask Perplexity
>